# Computer_Visuals_Graphics_Portfolio

This repository represents the work done for several assignments related to the concepts and foundations of Computer Graphics and Visualization!

How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? What design process did you follow for your project work? How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

I approach the design of software through familiarizing myself with the goal and then coming up with ideas for the best possible way to handle the problem at hand. Such as how this project required some research about OpenGL to be done in order to understand how to apply some concepts. One new design skill that I gained to help craft the final project was the use of texturing and rasterization. Through the use of these skills, I was able to apply textures to each object accurately and fixed correctly without textures repeating. This helped promote a sense of realism within my scene and brought my scene to life. The design process that I followed for this project work was first, understand the goal. Next, I had to research the tools that I would be using in this project. Afterward, I had to build ideas to construct a scene, leading to a reference photo being taken. Afterward, the execution came along with the review and delivery of the project. In the future, I can apply these tactics into future work for companies such as 3D visualization companies or video game companies by using my knowledge and skills gained from this class and applying it to real-world scenarios. Such as developing a 3D scene to represent a goal a business is trying to achieving, such as a parachute system or self-driving cars. 

How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?

I approach developing programs by refining my knowledge on Linear Alegbra concepts, familiarizing myself with OpenGL and revising my knowledge and skills in writing in C++. One new development strategy used while working in my 3D scene was to develop a custom function to replicate the headphones shape in the case it was neeeded multiple times. Another strategy that I used was leaving many comments throughout the .cpp files to not help myself understand what I did in the code, but others understand it as well. Iteration played a large part in my development, as their were many times when a piece of code was buggy and crashing the program. By rewriting code and re-deploying it, I was able to get a better understanding of what to do and what not to do in my program. Which helped for faster development near the end of the project timeline. My approach to developing code in the beginning focused on simply solving the problem in any way possible. However, as I progressed through the course, I found myself trying to develop new strategies that would help condense my code and make it easier/efficient for use. 

How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?

Computer science can help me reach my goals because it allows for the innovation and growth in various industries that benefit the general public in unique ways. This variety in computer science allows for the growth of society to grow build on prior foundations to continue improving the lives of others. Computational graphics and visualizations give me new knowledge skills that can be applied in future educational pathways as now I can identify many aspects of graphics and visualization such as lightining, texture, shape creation, etc., and apply it to other classes to further expand what I know. Computational graphics and visualizations give me new knowledge skills that can be applied in future professional pathways as I can use my skills in a professional environment that revolves around developing interactive experiences, 3D simulations for companies and video games. I can also use these skills for appealing UI elements for some applications.
